Hmm...
That is the thought of the devil.
The face of the mindless monokini.
Who will make a thought?
No, no, because it is a splendid woman.
What is a splendid woman?
The woman who will come to the capital to manage the capital.
Her name is Yorimitsu.
She is the daughter of the Wata Nabe Genji.
She is the daughter of the Sunado.
I am the daughter of the Sunado.
I am the daughter of the Koi Shikomo.
I know her better than I do.
She is the daughter of the Wata Nabe Genji.
She is the daughter of the Sunado.
The star is pierced and the star is big.
What?
The demon's spell?
Even if you erase the two-sided thing,
the star is big.
What?
The moon is reflected in the light of the moon.
The shadow is suspicious.
What is the star?
What is the reflection?
Kill it.
The woman is the daughter of the Sunado.
She is the daughter of the Sunado.
Kill it.